📝 docs: Added instructions for enabling Wave on Enterprise deployments and added config file for fusion pipelines (#12)
seqeralabs/fusion-benchmarking-scripts: 02_setup_compute/README.md

#### Manually setting the launch template for Fusion

> If you are not using Batch Forge to set up your queues, you will also have to manually set the launch template for your instances in your fusion queues. To do this, add the launch template we provide ([Fusion launch template](./fusion_launch_template.txt)) to your AWS batch account, then clone or edit your existing AWS compute environment and during the Instance configuration step, choose the fusion launch template you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using Batch Forge to set up your queues, you will also have to manually configure the launch template for the instances used in your AWS Batch compute environment. To do this, add the launch template we provide ([Fusion launch template](./fusion_launch_template.txt)) to your AWS account, then clone or edit your existing AWS compute environment. During the instance configuration step, choose the Fusion launch template you created.
```
